# ADOL-C: A Package for the Automatic Differentiation of Algorithms Written in C/C++

@warning This documentation is experimental. We have not yet transferred the documentation to this place.

See the [comprehensive manual](adolc-manual.pdf)

## Scope of the library

The C++ package ADOL-C described here facilitates the evaluation of
first and higher derivatives of vector functions that are defined
by computer programs written in C++. 

ADOL-C provides drivers to compute Jacobians, Hessians, univariate Taylor Coefficients or derivative tensors of arbitrary order. There are drivers for Jacobian-vector or Jacobian-matrix-products and vector-Jacobian or matrix-Jacobian products. Sparsity is also supported for first and second-order derivatives. For solution curves defined by ordinary differential equations,
special routines are provided that evaluate the Taylor coefficient vectors and their Jacobians with respect to the current state vector.
There are many more drivers like drivers for implicitly defined functions or drivers for fixed-point iterations. For a full list please refer to [this](@ref drivers) page

## Documentation


### Class documentation

The library contains a class documentation generated by using [doxygen].
In order to generate it, it is required that the `doxygen` program
is available and found by CMake. After the project was configured using
CMake and if doxygen was found, the documentation can
be build by calling
```shell
make doxygen
```
from within the build directory. The entry page of the documentation is located
in `ADOL-C/doc/doxygen/html/index.html` within the build directory.
For an overview of the contained features and submodules
you can e.g. refer to the [Topics](topics.html) section of the doxygen documentation.





### Examples

@todo Describe where to find examples.



## Using ADOL-C and licensing

@todo How to incorporate ADOL-C in user code.
@todo How to cite ADOL-C
@todo Licence



## Building ADOL-C

### Dependencies
### Building the library

[doxygen]: http://www.stack.nl/~dimitri/doxygen/